
## Instructions

The documents in this repository are posted to GSA eBuy under RFQXXXXX.
The documents in e-Buy should always be considered the documents of
record. Please submit any questions as *GitHub issues* in this
repository by the date specified in eBuy for this Request for Quote
(RFQ). Only the Contracting Officer (CO), Raymond McCollum will be
responding to questions submitted via this *Issue Template*. We cannot
commit to responding to comments or questions submitted in other
manners.

**Questions and Comments to the draft Request for Quote are due at the
date posted in the GSA eBuy**

## Background

Unified Shared Services Management (USSM) within the GSA Office of
Governmentwide Policy (OGP), in partnership with the Information
Technology Category (ITC) within GSA, Federal Acquisition Service (FAS)
is seeking to obtain a Software as a Service (SaaS) solution that
includes functionality for Payroll and Work Schedule and Leave
Management (WSLM). The posted draft RFQ will help leverage the scale of
the Federal Government and enable agencies to focus resources (human and
fiscal) on core mission priorities, which will reduce costs,
significantly improve security posture, increase user experience and
service, and better manage budgets.

## What we're hoping to end up with

USSM is requesting industry feedback on the draft RFQ. Some areas for
focus are:

-   What recommendations do you have that would assist the Federal
    Government ensure a successful implementation and migration to SaaS?

-   From your experience, how long should the Federal Government expect
    it to take to complete the migration and implementation activities?

-   What would you suggest the government use as Key Performance
    Indicators (KPI) for SaaS?

-   What activities should the Federal Government undertake to manage
    costs - both for implementation and ongoing subscription fees?

## How to respond

Comments and Responses related to the draft RFQ can be directed thru
*GitHub issues* or GSA eBuy, Federal Business Opportunities
(FedBIzOpps), and GSA Interact no later than the date prescribed in the
notices on GSA eBuy and FedBizOpps. If you’d like to participate using
GSA Interact, go to the Interact web page,
[*https://interact.gsa.gov/*](https://interact.gsa.gov/) and join the
“Newpay Initiative” group.

## Response Submission

Responders to this draft RFQ must provide the following information as
part of the draft RFQ feedback:

-   Vendor name; point(s) of contact, address, telephone number, and
    email address;

-   Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number,

-   Socio-economic status claimed by the vendor: and

-   IT Schedule 70 contract number.

## Contents

Link will be included for the RFQ and the associated documents.

Please remember: The documents in e-Buy should always be considered the
documents of record.
